NEW FEATURE IDEAS:

DONE.... 1. Add cl command to allow assignment of developer to a case
         2. Add cl command to create/delete a release label
DONE.... 3. Update the git comment to append the committer's name to the post so
            that the commit can be traced to a user.
         4. Update the git comment to append the git commit id so that comments
            can be linked to the commit.
         5. BUG: Be able to change status to Closed = close case
DONE.... 6. Make the app able to create new cases from the command line
DONE.... 7. Allow the ability to list cases across multiple releases
         8. Create a config file
            1. Update the config file to have options for:
                a. Dictionariess of aliases for database column names (i.e. dev,Dev=Developer__c)
                b. List of custom columns to make filterable (Release__c, Developer__c)
                c. Git integration options (not sure how yet)
DONE........... d. List of valid developers/owners
DONE........... e. username/password
         9. Add ability to make a case the child of another case (i.e. access the 'parent case' field)
        10. Allow comments to be deleted
        11. Provide a way to format the way results are printed out.
DONE... 12. Add a new filter for the --get-ids command "--status=" that will filter the
            results to only show ids with a particular status
DONE... 13. Update --get-ids so that it does not require a release field to be specified.
DONE....... 1. The release field should be a separate filter option '--release='
DONE....... 2. By default, --get-ids should search through anything that is tagged as a
               'Bug' or 'Feature' (with the option of further filtering by release, status, etc)
DONE....... 3. Add a new filter '--type' (or something) which will filter on 'Bug' or 'Feature'
               type cases.
        14. Make alias for the 'None' owner.  Right now you can't serach for 'None'
            you have to search for (literally) ''.
        15. Update the help usage string.  It's missing some things right now (like --chown)
        16. Add 'smart padding' of strings in the print strings.  For example: if you are
            displaying a field like Status and one of the statuses is really long, the padding
            for that field should be set so that it can handle that long string.
            More specifically something like this:
                00001182 Evan   Needs Discussion <timestamp>  Blah blah blah
            Should be set up so that the padding around 'Needs Discussion' is enough so as
            not to screw up alignment of other rows.
            Basically, I don't want to force the padding to be 20 characters ALWAYS.  It
            should be dynamic to whatever lengths the various elements in the fields are.
DONE... 18. Change the way that the --get-ids works so that it no longer takes
            a parameter of the release.  Instead, --get-ids should scan through all
            open cases (optionally limit it to Bug and Feature type cases).
            The --release=<release> param can be used in conjunction with the --get-ids
            param to limit results further (same with --owner=<owner>, --type=<type>, etc
        19. Rewrite so that the salesforce integration stuff is in its own class.
        20. Add ability to update subject.

